en/presenters_guide/booth.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Presenters guide: Booth"
lang: en
permalink: /en/guide/booth
slug: guide-booth
---
We are excited to have you join the 1st Canadian Conference on Open Science and Open Scholarship as a presenter. Please take a moment to read through the following guide carefully, as it contains important information that will help you prepare your booth effectively and ensure a smooth setup on the day of the event. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us at <open.scholarship@concordia.ca>

## Schedule

***Check the [detailed program](/assets/files/detailed_program_sep17.pdf) for your booth session***

## Preparing your booth

- Each booth will be equipped with **a table, two chairs, and a single power outlet.** *If you require additional equipment, please e-mail us as soon as possible (if you have not already), and we will do our best to accommodate your needs*.
- **Tables are 60 inches (length) x 18 inches (width)**
- Feel free to bring any materials that complement your booth presentation, including laptops, tablets, easels, printed posters, brochures, handouts, business cards, product samples, or other display items that help showcase your work.

## Day of presentation guidelines

Check the detailed program to determine your booth session and booth number.

| Session               | Date & Time                  | Setup          | Take down      | Room |
|------------------------|------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------|
| Booths & Posters “A”   | Oct. 9, 11:00–12:00 | 08:30–11:00    | 11:50 sharp    | EFG  |
| Booths & Posters “B”   | Oct. 9, 12:00–13:00 | 11:55 sharp    | 13:00–16:30    | EFG  |

**We understand that booth setup may differ based on each proposal and the type of interaction it involves. If you require extra set up time, please let us know as soon as possible (if you have not already) via e-mail at <open.scholarship@concordia.ca>**

Commit message:

Emphasize bilingual component + fix FR nav

en/presenters_guide/booth.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Presenters guide: Booth"
lang: en
permalink: /en/guide/booth
slug: guide-booth
---
**Note that the conference is fully bilingual, and we encourage presentations in either English or French**

We are excited to have you join the 1st Canadian Conference on Open Science and Open Scholarship as a presenter. Please take a moment to read through the following guide carefully, as it contains important information that will help you prepare your booth effectively and ensure a smooth setup on the day of the event. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us at <open.scholarship@concordia.ca>

## Schedule

***Check the [detailed program](/assets/files/detailed_program_sep17.pdf) for your booth session***

## Preparing your booth

- Each booth will be equipped with **a table, two chairs, and a single power outlet.** *If you require additional equipment, please e-mail us as soon as possible (if you have not already), and we will do our best to accommodate your needs*.
- **Tables are 60 inches (length) x 18 inches (width)**
- Feel free to bring any materials that complement your booth presentation, including laptops, tablets, easels, printed posters, brochures, handouts, business cards, product samples, or other display items that help showcase your work.

## Day of presentation guidelines

Check the detailed program to determine your booth session and booth number.

| Session               | Date & Time                  | Setup          | Take down      | Room |
|------------------------|------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------|
| Booths & Posters “A”   | Oct. 9, 11:00–12:00 | 08:30–11:00    | 11:50 sharp    | EFG  |
| Booths & Posters “B”   | Oct. 9, 12:00–13:00 | 11:55 sharp    | 13:00–16:30    | EFG  |

**We understand that booth setup may differ based on each proposal and the type of interaction it involves. If you require extra set up time, please let us know as soon as possible (if you have not already) via e-mail at <open.scholarship@concordia.ca>**
