en/presenters_guide/lightning_talk.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Presenters guide: Lightning talk"
lang: en
permalink: /en/guide/lightning-talk
slug: guide-lightning-talk
---
We are excited to have you join the 1st Canadian Conference on Open Science and Open Scholarship as a presenter. Please take a moment to read through the following guide carefully, as it contains important information that will help you prepare your talk effectively and ensure a smooth setup on the day of the event. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us at <open.scholarship@concordia.ca>

## Schedule

***Check the [detailed program](/assets/files/detailed_program_sep17.pdf) for your lightning talk session***

## Length

**Each talk is limited to 5 minutes, and will be followed by a 2-minute Q&A. A team member seated facing the podium will signal when 1 minute remains for your talk.**

## Preparing your presentation

- Please note that all presenters must use the onsite PC laptop. It will not be possible to use a personal computer.
- We strongly suggest using Microsoft PowerPoint for your presentation for the following reasons:
  - A single, unified format is easier for our onsite technician to manage
  - PowerPoint can generate live captions in the speaker’s language or automatic French/English translation during your talk. We highly recommend using one of these accessibility features, especially given the bilingual nature of the conference.
  - As the onsite laptop is a PC running Microsoft Office, this maximizes the chances that your slides will display exactly as intended.

If necessary, we can also support the following formats:

- PDF slide decks.
- Online presentations hosted on platforms such as Canva, Prezi, or Google Slides. **Please note: while we guarantee internet access on the onsite laptop, we cannot guarantee the connection’s stability or speed.**

**Important: Please [fill out this survey](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=hfFpVS_SE06YUM5bGrzS6FarOhuMhHBGpCCFjd9FzdlUNVFKT1ZHTFY4VDNOMzVMUUpQM040OTJGMC4u) at your earliest convenience, which will help us ensure your presentation is as accessible as possible.**

## Day of presentation guidelines

Due to the high number and fast pace of lightning talks, technicians need these materials in advance to organize them properly. Please drop off your files the day of your presentations, using a USB key.

- For standard presentations (PPT) include your presentation file.
- For online presentations, include a document with a link to your talk.
- **Please name your file using the following convention:**
  - **LT_[SessionLetter]_[YourLastName]**
  - For example, if you are in session D and your last name is Smith, name your file: LT_D_Smith
  - You can find your assigned session letter (A, B, C, or D) in the detailed program document.

At the start of your lightning talk session, please go to the room listed in the program, and take a seat at the front. This will help ensure a smooth and quick transition between speakers.

| Session               | Date & Time         | Presentation drop off time  | Room |
|-|-|-|-|
| Lightning talks “A”   | Oct. 9, 14:00–15:00 | 13:00   | AB  |
| Lightning talks “B”   | Oct. 9, 14:00–15:00 | 13:00   | CD  |
| Lightning talks “C”   | Oct. 10, 11:00–12:00 | 8:30   | AB  |
| Lightning talks “D”   | Oct. 10, 11:00–12:00 | 8:30   | CD  |

Commit message:

Emphasize bilingual component + fix FR nav

en/presenters_guide/lightning_talk.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Presenters guide: Lightning talk"
lang: en
permalink: /en/guide/lightning-talk
slug: guide-lightning-talk
---
**Note that the conference is fully bilingual, and we encourage presentations in either English or French**

We are excited to have you join the 1st Canadian Conference on Open Science and Open Scholarship as a presenter. Please take a moment to read through the following guide carefully, as it contains important information that will help you prepare your talk effectively and ensure a smooth setup on the day of the event. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us at <open.scholarship@concordia.ca>

## Schedule

***Check the [detailed program](/assets/files/detailed_program_sep17.pdf) for your lightning talk session***

## Length

**Each talk is limited to 5 minutes, and will be followed by a 2-minute Q&A. A team member seated facing the podium will signal when 1 minute remains for your talk.**

## Preparing your presentation

- Please note that all presenters must use the onsite PC laptop. It will not be possible to use a personal computer.
- We strongly suggest using Microsoft PowerPoint for your presentation for the following reasons:
  - A single, unified format is easier for our onsite technician to manage
  - PowerPoint can generate live captions in the speaker’s language or automatic French/English translation during your talk. We highly recommend using one of these accessibility features, especially given the bilingual nature of the conference.
  - As the onsite laptop is a PC running Microsoft Office, this maximizes the chances that your slides will display exactly as intended.

If necessary, we can also support the following formats:

- PDF slide decks.
- Online presentations hosted on platforms such as Canva, Prezi, or Google Slides. **Please note: while we guarantee internet access on the onsite laptop, we cannot guarantee the connection’s stability or speed.**

**Important: Please [fill out this survey](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=hfFpVS_SE06YUM5bGrzS6FarOhuMhHBGpCCFjd9FzdlUNVFKT1ZHTFY4VDNOMzVMUUpQM040OTJGMC4u) at your earliest convenience, which will help us ensure your presentation is as accessible as possible.**

## Day of presentation guidelines

Due to the high number and fast pace of lightning talks, technicians need these materials in advance to organize them properly. Please drop off your files the day of your presentations, using a USB key.

- For standard presentations (PPT) include your presentation file.
- For online presentations, include a document with a link to your talk.
- **Please name your file using the following convention:**
  - **LT_[SessionLetter]_[YourLastName]**
  - For example, if you are in session D and your last name is Smith, name your file: LT_D_Smith
  - You can find your assigned session letter (A, B, C, or D) in the detailed program document.

At the start of your lightning talk session, please go to the room listed in the program, and take a seat at the front. This will help ensure a smooth and quick transition between speakers.

| Session               | Date & Time         | Presentation drop off time  | Room |
|-|-|-|-|
| Lightning talks “A”   | Oct. 9, 14:00–15:00 | 13:00   | AB  |
| Lightning talks “B”   | Oct. 9, 14:00–15:00 | 13:00   | CD  |
| Lightning talks “C”   | Oct. 10, 11:00–12:00 | 8:30   | AB  |
| Lightning talks “D”   | Oct. 10, 11:00–12:00 | 8:30   | CD  |
