en/presenters_guide/panel.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Presenters guide: Panel"
lang: en
permalink: /en/guide/panel
slug: guide-panel
---
We are excited to have you join the 1st Canadian Conference on Open Science and Open Scholarship as a presenter. Please take a moment to read through the following guide carefully, as it contains important information that will help you prepare your talk effectively and ensure a smooth setup on the day of the event. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us at <open.scholarship@concordia.ca>

## Schedule

**Check the [detailed program](/assets/files/detailed_program_sep17.pdf) for your presentation or discussion panel session**

## Length

**Please note that talks should strictly follow their assigned length:**

- Presentation panels: Each presentation is allocated up to 15 minutes (but 10 minutes is preferred in the interest of time), followed by a Q&A of up to 4 minutes (time permitting). The total duration for each of these panels is 90 minutes, with no general discussion component. These two panels run in parallel.
- Discussion panels: Each presentation is allocated 15 minutes (no Q&A), followed by a 30-minute general discussion period that engages all panelists and attendees. The total duration for each of these panels is 90 minutes. This format allows for deeper exploration of themes and cross-panel dialogue. Contrary to panels 1 and 2, these panels do not run in parallel.

To help you adhere to the talk length we will have a team member seated facing the podium who will signal when there are 5 minutes remaining in your talk.

## Preparing your presentation

Please note that all presenters must use the onsite PC laptop. It will not be possible to use a personal computer.

We strongly suggest using Microsoft PowerPoint for your presentation for the following reasons:

- A single, unified format is easier for our onsite technician to manage
- PowerPoint can generate live captions in the speaker’s language or automatic French/English translation during your talk. We highly recommend using one of these accessibility features, especially given the bilingual nature of the conference.
- As the onsite laptop is a PC running Microsoft Office, this maximizes the chances that your slides will display exactly as intended.

If necessary, we can also support the following formats:

- PDF slide decks.
- Online presentations hosted on platforms such as Canva, Prezi, or Google Slides. ***Please note: while we guarantee internet access on the onsite laptop, we cannot guarantee the connection’s stability or speed.

**Important: Please [fill out this survey](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=hfFpVS_SE06YUM5bGrzS6FarOhuMhHBGpCCFjd9FzdlUNVFKT1ZHTFY4VDNOMzVMUUpQM040OTJGMC4u) at your earliest convenience, which will help us ensure your presentation is as accessible as possible.**

## Day of presentation guidelines

Due to the high number and fast pace of lightning talks, technicians need these materials in advance to organize them properly. Please drop off your files the day of your presentations, using a USB key.

- For standard presentations (PPT) include your presentation file.
- For online presentations, include a document with a link to your talk.
- **Please name your file using the following convention:**
  - **PANEL_[SessionLetter]_[YourLastName]**
  - For example, if you are in session D and your last name is Smith, name your file: `PANEL_D_Smith`
  - You can find your assigned session letter (A, B, C, or D) in the detailed program document.

At the start of your lightning talk session, please go to the room listed in the program, and take a seat at the front. This will help ensure a smooth and quick transition between speakers.

**For discussion panel speakers only (Discussion panels “A” and “B”):** You will find seats arranged for you on the stage, please take a seat there.

| Session               | Date & Time                  | Presentation drop off time       | Room |
|------------------------|------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------|
| Opening keynotes   | Oct. 9, 9:30–11:00 | Oct. 9, 8:30    | ABCD  |
| Presentation panel “A”   | Oct. 9, 15:00–16:30 | Oct. 9, 13:00    | AB  |
| Presentation panel “B”   | Oct. 9, 15:00–16:30 | Oct. 9, 13:00    | CD  |
| Discussion panel “A”   | Oct. 10, 9:00–10:30 | Oct. 10, 8:30    | ABCD  |
| Discussion panel “B”   | Oct. 10, 14:30–16:00 | Oct. 10, 12:00    | ABCD  |

Commit message:

Emphasize bilingual component + fix FR nav

en/presenters_guide/panel.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Presenters guide: Panel"
lang: en
permalink: /en/guide/panel
slug: guide-panel
---
**Note that the conference is fully bilingual, and we encourage presentations in either English or French**

We are excited to have you join the 1st Canadian Conference on Open Science and Open Scholarship as a presenter. Please take a moment to read through the following guide carefully, as it contains important information that will help you prepare your talk effectively and ensure a smooth setup on the day of the event. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us at <open.scholarship@concordia.ca>

## Schedule

**Check the [detailed program](/assets/files/detailed_program_sep17.pdf) for your presentation or discussion panel session**

## Length

**Please note that talks should strictly follow their assigned length:**

- Presentation panels: Each presentation is allocated up to 15 minutes (but 10 minutes is preferred in the interest of time), followed by a Q&A of up to 4 minutes (time permitting). The total duration for each of these panels is 90 minutes, with no general discussion component. These two panels run in parallel.
- Discussion panels: Each presentation is allocated 15 minutes (no Q&A), followed by a 30-minute general discussion period that engages all panelists and attendees. The total duration for each of these panels is 90 minutes. This format allows for deeper exploration of themes and cross-panel dialogue. Contrary to panels 1 and 2, these panels do not run in parallel.

To help you adhere to the talk length we will have a team member seated facing the podium who will signal when there are 5 minutes remaining in your talk.

## Preparing your presentation

Please note that all presenters must use the onsite PC laptop. It will not be possible to use a personal computer.

We strongly suggest using Microsoft PowerPoint for your presentation for the following reasons:

- A single, unified format is easier for our onsite technician to manage
- PowerPoint can generate live captions in the speaker’s language or automatic French/English translation during your talk. We highly recommend using one of these accessibility features, especially given the bilingual nature of the conference.
- As the onsite laptop is a PC running Microsoft Office, this maximizes the chances that your slides will display exactly as intended.

If necessary, we can also support the following formats:

- PDF slide decks.
- Online presentations hosted on platforms such as Canva, Prezi, or Google Slides. ***Please note: while we guarantee internet access on the onsite laptop, we cannot guarantee the connection’s stability or speed.

**Important: Please [fill out this survey](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=hfFpVS_SE06YUM5bGrzS6FarOhuMhHBGpCCFjd9FzdlUNVFKT1ZHTFY4VDNOMzVMUUpQM040OTJGMC4u) at your earliest convenience, which will help us ensure your presentation is as accessible as possible.**

## Day of presentation guidelines

Due to the high number and fast pace of lightning talks, technicians need these materials in advance to organize them properly. Please drop off your files the day of your presentations, using a USB key.

- For standard presentations (PPT) include your presentation file.
- For online presentations, include a document with a link to your talk.
- **Please name your file using the following convention:**
  - **PANEL_[SessionLetter]_[YourLastName]**
  - For example, if you are in session D and your last name is Smith, name your file: `PANEL_D_Smith`
  - You can find your assigned session letter (A, B, C, or D) in the detailed program document.

At the start of your lightning talk session, please go to the room listed in the program, and take a seat at the front. This will help ensure a smooth and quick transition between speakers.

**For discussion panel speakers only (Discussion panels “A” and “B”):** You will find seats arranged for you on the stage, please take a seat there.

| Session               | Date & Time                  | Presentation drop off time       | Room |
|------------------------|------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------|
| Opening keynotes   | Oct. 9, 9:30–11:00 | Oct. 9, 8:30    | ABCD  |
| Presentation panel “A”   | Oct. 9, 15:00–16:30 | Oct. 9, 13:00    | AB  |
| Presentation panel “B”   | Oct. 9, 15:00–16:30 | Oct. 9, 13:00    | CD  |
| Discussion panel “A”   | Oct. 10, 9:00–10:30 | Oct. 10, 8:30    | ABCD  |
| Discussion panel “B”   | Oct. 10, 14:30–16:00 | Oct. 10, 12:00    | ABCD  |
