en/presenters_guide/poster.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Presenters guide: Poster"
lang: en
permalink: /en/guide/poster
slug: guide-poster
---
We are excited to have you join the 1st Canadian Conference on Open Science and Open Scholarship as a presenter. Please take a moment to read through the following guide carefully, as it contains important information that will help you prepare your poster effectively and ensure a smooth setup on the day of the event. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us at <open.scholarship@concordia.ca>

## Schedule

***Check the [detailed program](/assets/files/detailed_program_sep17.pdf) for your poster session***

## Preparing your poster

- **Orientation:** Portrait (vertical) only
- **Maximum dimensions:** 36 × 24 inches (91 × 61 cm)
- **Important:** Please adhere strictly to these guidelines as some poster boards will need to accommodate two posters.

## Day of presentation guidelines

Check the detailed program to determine your session and poster number. Poster presenters should hang their posters on the following schedules:

| Session               | Date & Time                  | Setup          | Take down      | Room |
|------------------------|------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------|
| Booths & Posters “A”   | Oct. 9, 11:00–12:00 | 08:30–11:00    | 11:50 sharp    | EFG  |
| Booths & Posters “B”   | Oct. 9, 12:00–13:00 | 11:55 sharp    | 13:00–16:30    | EFG  |

We will provide the necessary materials to hang your poster (e.g. push pins)

Due to limited space,  some poster boards will display two posters. Each board can accommodate two portrait-oriented 36x24 in posters. **If your board has two numbers assigned (one on the left, and one on the right), please position your poster to leave adequate space for the neighboring poster**

Commit message:

Emphasize bilingual component + fix FR nav

en/presenters_guide/poster.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Presenters guide: Poster"
lang: en
permalink: /en/guide/poster
slug: guide-poster
---
**Note that the conference is fully bilingual, and we encourage presentations in either English or French**

We are excited to have you join the 1st Canadian Conference on Open Science and Open Scholarship as a presenter. Please take a moment to read through the following guide carefully, as it contains important information that will help you prepare your poster effectively and ensure a smooth setup on the day of the event. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us at <open.scholarship@concordia.ca>

## Schedule

***Check the [detailed program](/assets/files/detailed_program_sep17.pdf) for your poster session***

## Preparing your poster

- **Orientation:** Portrait (vertical) only
- **Maximum dimensions:** 36 × 24 inches (91 × 61 cm)
- **Important:** Please adhere strictly to these guidelines as some poster boards will need to accommodate two posters.

## Day of presentation guidelines

Check the detailed program to determine your session and poster number. Poster presenters should hang their posters on the following schedules:

| Session               | Date & Time                  | Setup          | Take down      | Room |
|------------------------|------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------|
| Booths & Posters “A”   | Oct. 9, 11:00–12:00 | 08:30–11:00    | 11:50 sharp    | EFG  |
| Booths & Posters “B”   | Oct. 9, 12:00–13:00 | 11:55 sharp    | 13:00–16:30    | EFG  |

We will provide the necessary materials to hang your poster (e.g. push pins)

Due to limited space,  some poster boards will display two posters. Each board can accommodate two portrait-oriented 36x24 in posters. **If your board has two numbers assigned (one on the left, and one on the right), please position your poster to leave adequate space for the neighboring poster**
